refactor!: rename marketplace to appstore (#287)
defenseunicorns/uds-appstore: developer.md

### Deploying a Slim UDS Cluster

> To create a k3d cluster and deploy a slim version of UDS with metrics server and appstore:

Reviewer: nit : should this be styled as App Store?

```suggestion
To create a k3d cluster and deploy a slim version of UDS with metrics server and App Store:
```

Reviewer: this MAY not be a desirable change if you're referring to "appstore the image" not "appstore the product" but if that was the case, I'd expect `metrics-server` etc, so I think we are talking products here
